


I was inspired by the 'Grooks' of Piet Hein, and dissatisfied with modern movements in poetry that focus on conveying personal experiences and feelings, rather than broader understandings.  


With most poems I work to present a lesson, demonstrate it's potential value, and provide a case in which they might use it. All within less than 30 words.

My poems are fable-like, often telling fictional stories to demonstrate the impact a particular change in thinking or behavior can have. I try to be friendly to overly-analytical readers, working to make sure readers feel they understand what I am trying to say, and that I am indeed saying something.

I do not seek merely to make my reader feel, for we can be moved to so much more than tears. (bad)





There are things I want to help people do- poetry is my tool. I want to give people ideas that will help them adapt to their environment, and to address those mysteries we encounter no matter where we go.

I want people to read and be moved, and to bear the mark of my writing for years to come. I want my reader to often stand out in a crowd because they were changed by my words. 


I write short poems because I believe the ideas can get across in just a few words. 



I think my book is like: 


I have not previously attempted to publish any writings.

---------




I write poems because I think powerful ideas can be easily shared through them.


Poetry helps me spread ideas that give people power. 

I've long been fascinated with the impact a few words can have. To me, words are like magic- casting spells upon the reader, either to empower them, or control them. I began writing micropoetry after reading the "grooks" of Piet Hein, because of the impact they had on me. 






I have long been fascinated with the impact a few words can have. To me, words are magic, casting spells upon the reader, either to empower them or control them. I began focusing on micropoetry after reading the "grooks" of Piet Hein because of the impact they had on me. 




I've stuck with this approach for years, because I believe 




In this collection, I emphasized demonstration. I wanted to do more than other poets to make clear why things are true. I chose to write in a way that makes false statements often end up sounding awkward or broken.

I try to get the reader to imagine a situation where an idea becomes obvious.


I challenged myself to put ideas to the test, 

focused on counterpoints to key misconceptions. 


I've been writing a poetry book for a few years in my free time. The poems are short and to the point


When I try to move my reader, I aim at a lasting, noticeable effect.








Agent Query Letter


subj: Query - Poetry Debut

Dear PERSON,

[Why Them]

I'm a nobody, so here are some of my poems.








