

Stealth Chess


Challenge:
Knowing which board changes don't affect the game

Fun:
Competition, Stealth, Skill



A simple stealth game? (Theory of mind) 
-> Would require more specific criteria


A re-roll mechanic?

Chess Puzzles?



What if it is a betting game where you need to wager whether the AI will make a different move? 
(We show two boards side by side?)
This amounts to jsut (find the best move in each context)

Inputting the change is key






------



Updating Apathy Chess

1. HUD to display Puzzle # / Name, # of turns you must survive.


Or

Limiting it to 1 move puzzles and then implementing caching.
(If we implement caching we can develop a web frontend!)


Story:

You've been sent back in time...
One chess move...
Before time can continue, you must move one piece.
Without dirupting the timeline..


Known issues:
-- getting 'invalid board' ex when pawn in impossible row
-- current json system uses one object, so not gonna be great when that obj holds multiple boards

-- We consider moves with same destination to be the same

Looping 
-- For each puzzle, we have a solution count (or list)
-- For each puzzle, We track which solutions the player has used in the past. 
-- When looping, players can use a solution they've used in the past.
-- We help the player avoid repeating a past solution by...


One solution puzzles, but every state the player can make would also have to be one solution...



Confusions

1. Why is getting check or checkmate bad?
2. The move was the same from the POV of the piece
3. Oh, I can move pieces of either color?

------


Casino Cops:
-- Prove it can't be fun
-- Random action test
---


Updating Aware

1. A version where you are shown a set of emojis then tap whether an item was in the set





In BoxSim, you have fallen deep into the meta-box, and the only way out is to go even deeper.
Features

    Simple rules, many variations: The rules of BoxSim are simple. You can move, you can pick up boxes, and you can put down boxes. How many different puzzles can there be? Turns out, quite a lot.
    Recursive levels: Every level holds a box containing the next level, and you shrink down to advance. This means that you can see the path you've taken by looking off into the distance.
    Creativity is more important than logic: The best part about puzzle solving is coming up with a new idea. Our puzzles are all designed around this ideal. Each puzzle requires thinking outside the box (ironic, we know), not doing a bunch of logic. The solution to every puzzle should feel intuitive in retrospect.
    Variable diffuclty: The game is entirely beatable without making any difficult jumps. However, for those of you who like a challenge, each level has a hard mode version which includes some more *ahem* intense platforming. And did we mention time trials?
    Level editor?: We will try and include a level editor in the final game, but no promises. More wishlists makes this more likely ;)





BoxSim invites you to think outside of the box while inside of a box that's inside of a box. Find creative solutions to puzzles. Navigate platforming challenges. Pick up boxes, put down boxes. Will you escape, or will you spend the rest of your life inside the box? 